CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit
helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

## Types of Contributions

### Report Bugs

Report bugs at the [issues page](https://github.com/William-Fernandes252/naja/issues).

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug" and "help
wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "enhancement"
and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Write Documentation

Naja could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official Naja docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

### Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at the [issues feedback page](https://github.com/William-Fernandes252/naja/issues).

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

## Get Started

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `naja` for local development.

1. Fork the `naja` repo on GitHub.
1. Clone your fork locally

    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/naja.git
    ```

1. Ensure [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) is installed.
1. Install dependencies and start your virtualenv:

    ```bash
    poetry install -E test -E doc -E dev
    ```

1. Create a branch for local development:

    ```bash
    git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature
    ```

    Now you can make your changes locally.

1. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass the
   tests, including testing other Python versions, with tox:

    ```bash
    poetry run tox
    ```

1. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub:

    ```bash
    git add .
    git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature
    ```

1. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

## Pull Request Guidelines

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put
   your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the
   feature to the list in README.md.
3. The pull request should work for Python 3.6, 3.7, 3.8 and 3.9. Check
   <https://github.com/William-Fernandes252/naja/actions>
   and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

## Tips

```basj
poetry run pytest tests/test_crawler.py
```

To run a subset of tests.

## Deploying

A reminder for the maintainers on how to deploy.
Make sure all your changes are committed (including an entry in CHANGELOG.md).
Then run:

```bash
poetry run bump2version patch # possible: major / minor / patch
git push
git push --tags
```

GitHub Actions will then deploy to PyPI if tests pass.

Commit message:

fix: rebrand and rename package to "astel"

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit
helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

## Types of Contributions

### Report Bugs

Report bugs at the [issues page](https://github.com/William-Fernandes252/astel/issues).

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug" and "help
wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "enhancement"
and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Write Documentation

Astel could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official Astel docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

### Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at the [issues feedback page](https://github.com/William-Fernandes252/astel/issues).

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

## Get Started

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `astel` for local development.

1. Fork the `astel` repo on GitHub.
1. Clone your fork locally

    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/astel.git
    ```

1. Ensure [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) is installed.
1. Install dependencies and start your virtualenv:

    ```bash
    poetry install -E test -E doc -E dev
    ```

1. Create a branch for local development:

    ```bash
    git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature
    ```

    Now you can make your changes locally.

1. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass the
   tests, including testing other Python versions, with tox:

    ```bash
    poetry run tox
    ```

1. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub:

    ```bash
    git add .
    git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature
    ```

1. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

## Pull Request Guidelines

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put
   your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the
   feature to the list in README.md.
3. The pull request should work for Python 3.6, 3.7, 3.8 and 3.9. Check
   <https://github.com/William-Fernandes252/astel/actions>
   and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

## Tips

```basj
poetry run pytest tests/test_crawler.py
```

To run a subset of tests.

## Deploying

A reminder for the maintainers on how to deploy.
Make sure all your changes are committed (including an entry in CHANGELOG.md).
Then run:

```bash
poetry run bump2version patch # possible: major / minor / patch
git push
git push --tags
```

GitHub Actions will then deploy to PyPI if tests pass.
